
# Wood (English Walnut)
## Textures
scene.textures.wood_ring.type = blender_wood
scene.textures.wood_ring.bright = 1
scene.textures.wood_ring.contrast = 1
scene.textures.wood_ring.noisebasis = voronoi_f1
scene.textures.wood_ring.noisebasis2 = saw
scene.textures.wood_ring.noisesize = 0.756
scene.textures.wood_ring.noisetype = soft_noise
scene.textures.wood_ring.turbulence = 3.71
scene.textures.wood_ring.woodtype = ringnoise
scene.textures.wood_ring.mapping.type = globalmapping3d
scene.textures.wood_ring.mapping.transformation = 5 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 1

scene.textures.wood_dots.type = blender_musgrave
scene.textures.wood_dots.bright = 1
scene.textures.wood_dots.contrast = 2.5
scene.textures.wood_dots.musgravetype = ridged_multifractal
scene.textures.wood_dots.lacunarity = 2
scene.textures.wood_dots.noisebasis = voronoi_f3
scene.textures.wood_dots.noisesize = 0.02
scene.textures.wood_dots.octaves = 2
scene.textures.wood_dots.mapping.type = globalmapping3d
scene.textures.wood_dots.mapping.transformation = 5 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 1

scene.textures.wood_noise.type = blender_clouds
scene.textures.wood_noise.bright = 0.5
scene.textures.wood_noise.noisetype = hard_noise
scene.textures.wood_noise.noisebasis = voronoi_f1
scene.textures.wood_noise.noisesize = 0.816
scene.textures.wood_noise.noisedepth = 1
scene.textures.wood_noise.mapping.type = globalmapping3d
scene.textures.wood_dots.mapping.transformation = 5 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 1

scene.textures.wood_grey_1.type = mix
scene.textures.wood_grey_1.amount = 0.5
scene.textures.wood_grey_1.texture1 = wood_ring
scene.textures.wood_grey_1.texture2 = wood_dots

scene.textures.wood_grey.type = mix
scene.textures.wood_grey.amount = 0.6666666
scene.textures.wood_grey.texture1 = wood_grey_1
scene.textures.wood_grey.texture2 = wood_noise

scene.textures.wood_bump.type = scale
scene.textures.wood_bump.texture1 = 0.001
scene.textures.wood_bump.texture2 = wood_grey

scene.textures.wood_color.type = mix
scene.textures.wood_color.amount = wood_grey_1
scene.textures.wood_color.texture1 = 0.4969 0.3017 0.0958
scene.textures.wood_color.texture2 = 0.1149 0.051 0.0072

## Material
scene.materials.wood.type = glossy2
scene.materials.wood.multibounce = 0
scene.materials.wood.kd = wood_color
scene.materials.wood.bumptex = wood_bump
scene.materials.wood.index = 2.45
scene.materials.wood.uroughness = 0.08
scene.materials.wood.vroughness = 0.08
